User guide update (#211)
ufs-community/workflow-tools: docs/Users_Guide/working_with_templates.rst

``templater.py`` takes in any Jinja2 template file and renders it with user-supplied values. ``templater.py`` takes several command line arguments, including the path to the Jinja2 template file, an optional 
path to a YAML configuration file, and any additional configuration settings which will override values found in the YAML 

> configuration (config) file or user environment variables.  If the config file/config items does not contain values for every field in the input file, ``templater.py`` will return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration (config) file or user environment variables.  If the provided config settings do not contain values for every field in the input Jinja2 template file, ``templater.py`` will return an error.
```

``templater.py`` can be run with an input file and config items provided through the command line by using the ``config_items`` flag::

    python scripts/templater.py -i /<path-totemplate>/jinja2template.nml NFGRIDS=0 NMGRIDS=5 FUNIPNT=' T' IOSRV='None' FPNTPROC='None' FGRDPROC=' None' CPLILINE='glo_15mxt' WINDLINE='$' ICELINE='$' CURRLINE='$' UNIPOINTS='ww3' WW3GRIDLINE="'ww3' 'no' 'no' 'CPL:native' 'no' 'no' 'no' 'no' 'no' 'no'  1  1  0.00 1.00  F" RUN_BEG=0000.00.00.00:00 RUN_END=0000.00.00.00:00 FLAGMASKCOMP=' F' FLAGMASKOUT=' F'

> 

Reviewer: This provides a nice use case for a value that contains whitespace. :)
